in present-day paris diana prince
receives a photographic plate from wayne
enterprises
accompanied by a letter from bruce wayne
of herself and four men taken during
world war one
prompting her to recall her past the
daughter of queen hippolyta
diana is raised on the hidden island of
thiemi syrah home to the amazons
women warriors created by the olympian
gods to protect mankind
hippolyta explains their history to
diana including how ares became jealous
of humanity and
orchestrated its destruction when the
other gods attempted to stop him
ares killed all but zeus who used the
last of his power to wound ares and
force his retreat
before dying zeus left the amazons a
weapon the god killer
to prepare them for aries's return
hippolyta reluctantly agrees to let her
sister
general antiope train diana as a warrior
in 1918 diana now a young woman
rescues u.s pilot captain steve trevor
when his plane crashes off the themis
iran coast
the island is soon invaded by german
soldiers who had been pursuing steve
the amazons kill the crew but antiope
sacrifices herself to save diana
steve is interrogated with the lasso of
hestia and reveals that a great war is
consuming the outside world and that he
is an allied spy
he has stolen a notebook from the
german's chief chemist
dr isabel maru who is attempting to
engineer a deadlier form of mustard gas
under the orders of general eric
ludendorff
believing ares to be responsible for the
war diana arms herself with the god
killer sword
the lasso and armor before leaving
thiemi syrah with steve to locate and
stop aries for good
in london they deliver maru's notebook
to the supreme war council
where sir patrick morgan is trying to
negotiate an armistice with germany
diana translates maru's notes revealing
that the germans plan to release the
deadly gas at the western front
although forbidden by his commander to
act steve with secret funding from
morgan
recruits moroccan spicemere scottish
marksman charlie
and native american smuggler chief nappy
to help prevent the gas from being
released
the team reaches the front in belgium
diana goes alone through no man's land
and captures the enemy trench
liberating the nearby village of phelp
with the aid of the allied forces
the team briefly celebrates taking a
photograph in the village where diana
and steve fall in love the team learns
that a gala will be held at the nearby
german high command
steve and diana separately infiltrate
the party steve intends to locate the
gas and destroy it
and diana hopes to kill ludendorff
believing that he is aries
steve stops her to avoid jeopardizing
his mission but this allows ludendorff
to unleash the gas on felt
killing its inhabitants blaming steve
for intervening
diana pursues ludendorff to a base where
the gas is being loaded into a bomber
aircraft bound for london
diana fights and kills him but is
confused and disillusioned when his
death does not stop the war
sir patrick appears and reveals himself
as ares
he tells diana that although he has
subtly given humans ideas and
inspirations
it is ultimately their decision to
resort to violence as they are
inherently corrupt when diana attempts
to kill ares with the god killer sword
he destroys it telling diana that as the
daughter of zeus and hippolyta she
herself is the god killer
he fails to persuade diana to help him
destroy mankind in order to restore
paradise
on earth while the two battle steve's
team destroys maru's laboratory
steve hijacks and pilots the bomber
carrying the poison to a safe altitude
and detonates it
blowing up the plane and himself aries
attempts to direct diana's rage and
grief at steve's death by convincing her
to kill maru
but the memories of her experiences with
steve cause her to realize that humans
have good within them
she spares maru and redirects aries
lightning into him killing him for good
later the team celebrates the end of the
war
in the present day diana sends an email
to bruce wayne thanking him for the
photographic plate of her and steve
she continues to fight on the world's
behalf as wonder woman
understanding that only love can truly
save the world
[Music]